I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
Mr. Fox's shop
Mummy and Daddy Pig are wrapping up a present.
Woo! A present!
Is it for me, or George?
No, Peppa. It's not for you or George.
Oh, is it a toy?
No, it's a glass vase.
That's a bit of a boring present.
Oh-uh, it's a present for grown-ups.
We've bought this for Granny and Grandpa Pig.
It's their wedding anniversary.
Can me and George buy them a present, too?
That's very sweat of you Peppa,
but presents can cost a lot of money.
We've got money in our piggy bank.
Peppa and George have one penny and two buttons to spend.
OK, let's go shopping.
This is Mr. Fox's shop.
Hello, there! Can I help you?
It's Granny and Grandpa Pig's
wedding anniversary.
There're both very old. I need a present.
My shop has everything.
I'm sure you'll find something you like.
A big teddy! I love it.
This can be the present.
Peppa, the present is not for you.
It's for Granny and Grandpa.
Oh, yes.
Oh, look. Funny teeth.
They are wind-up joke teeth, very popular.
Can they be the present for Granny and Grandpa?
I think Granny and Grandpa
have all the teeth they need, Peppa.
Do your Granny and Grandpa
like gardening and digging?
Yes.
Then why not get them a bucket and spade each.
Buy one, get one free.
They've already got spades and buckets
and hoes and everything.
Oh dear.
I know. Grandpa likes sailing his boat.
Sailor more.
I have everything a sailor could ever wish for.
Do you have pirates' treasure?
Err…everything except pirates' treasure.
Oh.
Do Granny and Grandpa like antics?
What does anticy mean?
Antic means old and rare.
Usually yes. But my antics are grand new.
That chair comes in save twelve. **
Nice, isn't it?
Is it made of oak?
Yes, it's made of plastic oak.
Is it comfortable?
You mustn't sit on it.
Antic chairs are not for sitting on.
So, what do you do with them?
You look at them.
That's not much fun, even for a grown-up.
Buying a present for Granny and Grandpa
is hard work.
I don't understand. My shop sells everything.
There must be something you like.
There is. I like this teddy.
And I think Granny and Grandpa would like it, too.
Oh-uh! Let's buy the teddy then.
A very good choice. Who's going to pay?
One penny and two buttons.
Here's your change. One button.
Thank you, Mr. Fox.
Peppa and her family have come
to give Granny and Grandpa Pig their presents.
Granny Pig. Grandpa Pig.
Hello, my little ones.
Happy anniversary!
Oh, another glass vase.
It's a grown-up present.
That's why it's a bit boring.
It's lovely.
We'll put it with our other glass vases.
George and me bought you a present, too.
I hope you like it.
A teddy bear! For Grandpa and me?
Thank you, Peppa and George.
He's very good at curdling.
Does he have a name?
Erm, he's called Eddy the Teddy.
And what does Eddy like to eat?
Chocolate and broccoli.
That's the best present we've ever had.
Oh, but if Eddy's going to live here,
he'll need children to play with.
We can play with him, Granny.
And every time you visit us,
he'll be here for you to play with.
Oh, goody!